# Finance

Convenient payment options to help you get the care you need

To help you get the care you need, we have a number of convenient payment options. Before we get started with treatment, we'll discuss your needs and make payment arrangements that work for you. We accept most dental plans, and will coordinate with your provider to help you to get the most out of you dental insurance benefits. We also accept MasterCard, Visa, and Discover Card. We extend cash discounts courtesy for payment in full by cash. Our office policy is to collect your portion at the time services are rendered. We accept several forms of payment and also offer financing for larger treatment plans. Please refer to our Financial Policy for more information.

### Financial Policy

Many of our patients find it convenient to spread out treatment costs into low monthly payments. We work with a number of different financing companies, and each offers extended payment plans. We'll go over all the options to find the plan that works for you. Once we decide on the plan, we'll process the application and make a decision for you in minutes. It's that simple to get started on your beautiful healthy smile today!

[Download Financial Policy PDF](https://www.heritageoakdental.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/HOD-Financial-Policy.pdf)

### Heritage Oak Dental Smile Club

The Heritage Dental Plan is a flexible alternative to insurance. Enroll today and enjoy no claim forms, no deductibles, no annual maximums, no waiting period, no limitations, and specialty service discounts! To learn more please call [(916) 626-4050](tel:9166264050)!

No Claim Forms

No Deductibles

No Annual Maximums

No Waiting Period

No Limitations

Specialty Discounts

### Dental Insurance

For your convenience, we will submit initial insurance claims pertaining to charges for care provided in our office. However, please be aware that our primary financial relationship is with our patients and their families and not with their respective insurance companies.

Our philosophy, high standard of care, customer service, and ethics are not compatible with the restrictive nature of many managed care plans (HMOs). Accordingly, our office is not a contracted provider with any HMO or DHMO plans.

**Traditional benefit ("indemnity") plans** do not stipulate where you can go. You can see any dentist (including us!) and receive the full benefits of the policy.

**If your benefit plan is a PPO**, you are allowed to select any provider you see fit. Heritage Oak Dental is a "preferred provider" for MOST PPO insurance plans (see the Network List below).

**If your plan is an HMO/DMO**, you will receive benefits only if you see a dentist on their very restrictive list of contracted providers. Naturally, it will be our pleasure to serve you; however, your HMO plan will not cover any of your costs at our office.

We will never compromise your care based on what an insurance company says. Our commitment is to serve you rather than insurance companies. Ultimately, your insurance company is responsible to you. We cannot make any guarantees or promises on behalf of your insurance company.

- •Know what your benefits are before treatment starts. If you are not sure, contact your insurance company so that you know exactly how much you can expect to be paid and when to expect payment.
- •If you would like our office to submit claim forms prior to treatment, we ask that you provide us with the name, address and telephone number of your insurance carrier.
- •We cannot provide services on the assumption that our charges will be paid by an insurance carrier. However, for your convenience, we will accept payments from your insurance company assigned to us by the insured. Such payments will be credited accordingly to your account.

### CareCredit

CareCredit has a number of affordable plans, including up to 18 months interest free for Invisalign treatment.

We also offer in-house financing in the form of monthly payments after a down payment for dental treatment with 0% financing for the length of treatment.

### Network List

Heritage Oak Dental is a preferred provider for the following insurance networks:

Active Duty Dental Program United Concordia Tricare

Ameriben Solutions

America's Choice Healthplans

Ameritas

Anthem BCBS (Multiple States)

Assurant Employee Benefits

Blue Cross of Idaho

Cigna

Delta Dental PPO & Premier

Guardian

Humana

Metlife

Principal

United Concordia

UnitedHealthcare (Optum Health)

And many more...

Contact our office to verify if we accept your specific plan.